[cloudflare_logpush] Initial Release for the Cloudflare Logpush (#3643)
elastic/integrations: packages/cloudflare_logpush/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Cloudflare Logpush

> - The [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) Integration collects and parses data received from Cloudflare using AWS S3 bucket and HTTP Endpoint.

Reviewer: A very minor nit, but can we say 'parses data received from Cloudflare via an AWS S3 bucket or directly to an Elastic Agent running the HTTP Endpoint Endpoint. 

Assuming our preferred approach is via S3, we could add a line to signify that S3 is preferred to better handle high event throughput, or something along those lines.

## Compatibility

This package has been tested for Cloudflare version v4.

## Requirements

### Enabling the integration in Elastic
1. In Kibana, go to Management > Integrations
2. In the integrations search bar type **Cloudflare Logpush**.
3. Click the **Cloudflare Logpush** integration from the search results.
4. Click the **Add Cloudflare Logpush** button to add Cloudflare Logpush integration.

> 5. Enable the Integration with the HTTP Endpoint and AWS S3 Bucket input.

Reviewer: Can we change the 'and' to 'or' - currently sounds like both HTTP Endpoint and S3 are requires, which isn't the case (I think).

6. Configure Cloudflare to send logs to the Elastic Agent.

### In order to ingest data from the AWS S3 Bucket you must:

> - Configure the [Data Forwarder](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/aws-s3/) to ingest data into an AWS S3 bucket.

Reviewer 2: Don't we need to tell users to separate each cloudflare dataset into its own bucket OR path prefix within the bucket? We want each different aws-s3 input to have a way to filter the objects it requests.

Likewise for AWS S3 with SQS notifications, users will want to have a different notification queue for each cloudflare dataset.

# Cloudflare Logpush

## Overview

The [Cloudflare Logpush](https://www.cloudflare.com/) integration allows you to monitor Audit, DNS, Firewall Event, HTTP Request, NEL Report, Network Analytics and Spectrum Event Logs. Cloudflare is content delivery network and DDoS mitigation company. Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable. Secure your websites, APIs, and Internet applications. Protect corporate networks, employees, and devices. Write and deploy code that runs on the network edge.

> Use the Cloudflare Logpush integration to collect and parse data from the HTTP Endpoint, AWS S3 Bucket or AWS SQS. Then visualise that data in Kibana.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare Logpush integration can be used in three different modes to collect data:
- HTTP Endpoint mode - Cloudlflare pushes logs directly to an HTTP endpoint hosted by your Elastic Agent
- AWS S3 polling mode - Cloudflare writes data to S3 and Elastic Agent polls the S3 bucket by listing its contents and reading new files
- AWS S3 SQS mode - Cloudflare writes data to S3, S3 pushes a new object notification to SQS, Elastic Agent receives the notification from SQS, and then reads the S3 object. Multiple Agents can be used in this mode.

```

# Cloudflare Logpush

## Overview

> The [Cloudflare Logpush](https://www.cloudflare.com/) integration allows you to monitor Audit, DNS, Firewall Event, HTTP Request, NEL Report, Network Analytics and Spectrum Event Logs. Cloudflare is content delivery network and DDoS mitigation company. Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable. Secure your websites, APIs, and Internet applications. Protect corporate networks, employees, and devices. Write and deploy code that runs on the network edge.

Author: Hey,
I think we can leverage Elasticsearch's 'geo_point' data type itself, which would automatically convert the geo-hash to its related coordinates. [Here](https://javadoc.io/static/org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch/5.0.2/org/elasticsearch/common/geo/GeoPoint.html)

So, we used the data type 'geo_point' for the field "geohash" and we stored it in a new field called "geo_location" that would contain the geo-coordinates. So the user would have both, geo-hash and coordinates for the geo-hash.

Here's the resultant output.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89848047/187861228-cafed0b7-28cf-401d-9737-3a51c330c50f.png)
